School Trips

In today's fast-paced world, a lot of people think that going on a school trip is an excellent idea, but also a huge number of people hold the opposite opinion. In this essay, I will discuss essential topics to explain who I believe is right.
Firstly, learning new things
A school trip usually means students will visit historical or educational places, and it is very rare for them to go to somewhere just for fun. Therefore, most of the time on a school trip, you will be given tasks to complete. For example: You might be asked to do ask a worker how calculators work or to write down all the information in your notebook. In my opinion, you are simply studying in a differient place, but you are learning about the place where you are visiting. It means that all the students are studying during a school trip.
Secondly, missing school lessons
If you go on a trip during school time, there is no doubt that you will miss a day of studying, it will be severe if the trip had been declared to be a long time. However, it is possible that you can go to a school trip where you learn more about the knowledge that you are learning at the time what you are studying, and we totally be allowed to finish a chapter and then we will have time that is not been affected. all the school need is to make sure it matches what the students are learning.
Lastly, difficulty on the school's side
From the school's point of view, they have to book most of the tickets , it's possible to not buy tickets if we can walk to there without using so much energy. In addition, they has to tell the students' parents by a letter, and then they need to make sure all the acceptations and disagreement, then they are going to make a group and show it to students and so on. So it will be very rare to go to a school trip.Since it is very tough.
Finally, I would like to summarize my opinion
You are studying in a school trips, you are learning during a school trip if school connects textbook and trip, and it is very rare. 